1: What is the role of an IPS: detecting and blocking of attacks in real time
2: Identify the steps needed to configure a switch for SSH
3: Match the type of information security threat to the scenario
4: A user is redesigning a network for a small company and wants to ensure security at a reasonable price. The user deploys a new application-aware firewall with intrusion detection capabilities on the ISP connection. The user installs a second firewall to separate the company network from the public network. Additionally, the user installs an IPS on the internal network of the company. What approach is the user implementing: layered
5: Which example of malicious code would be classified as a Trojan horse: malware that was written to look like a video game
6: What is the advantage of using SSH over Telnet: SSH provides secure communications to access hosts.
7: What is the purpose of the network security authentication function: to require users to prove who they are
8: What feature of SSH makes it more secure than Telnet for a device management connection: login information and data encryption
9: Which firewall feature is used to ensure that packets coming into a network are legitimate responses to requests initiated from internal hosts: stateful packet inspection
10: Match each weakness with an example
11: What is the difference between a virus and a worm: Worms self-replicate but viruses do not.
12: Which command can an administrator execute to determine what interface a router will use to reach remote networks: show ip route
13: By following a structured troubleshooting approach, a network administrator identified a network issue after a conversation with the user. What is the next step that the administrator should take: Test the theory to determine cause.
14: A network administrator is upgrading a small business network to give high priority to real-time applications traffic. What two types of network services is the network administrator trying to accommodate: ['voice', 'video']
15: Which command should be used on a Cisco router or switch to allow log messages to be displayed on remotely connected sessions using Telnet or SSH: terminal monitor
16: Refer to the exhibit. An administrator is testing connectivity to a remote device with the IP address 10.1.1.1. What does the output of this command indicate: A ping packet is being blocked by a security device along the path.
17: Users are complaining that they are unable to browse certain websites on the Internet. An administrator can successfully ping a web server via its IP address, but cannot browse to the domain name of the website. Which troubleshooting tool would be most useful in determining where the problem is: nslookup
18: An employee complains that a Windows PC cannot connect to the Internet. A network technician issues the ipconfig command on the PC and is shown an IP address of 169.254.10.3. Which two conclusions can be drawn: ['The PC cannot contact a DHCP server.', 'The PC is configured to obtain an IP address automatically.']
19: No matching sentence
20: Refer to the exhibit. An administrator is testing connectivity to a remote device with the IP address 10.1.1.1. What does the output of this command indicate: A ping packet is being blocked by a security device along the path.
21: A user reports a lack of network connectivity. The technician takes control of the user machine and attempts to ping other computers on the network and these pings fail. The technician pings the default gateway and that also fails. What can be determined for sure by the results of these tests: Nothing can be determined for sure at this point.
22: Which method is used to send a ping message specifying the source address for the ping: Issue the ping command from within interface configuration mode.
23: Why would a network administrator use the tracert utility: to identify where a packet was lost or delayed on a network
24: A ping fails when performed from router R1 to directly connected router R2. The network administrator then proceeds to issue the show cdp neighbors command. Why would the network administrator issue this command if the ping failed between the two routers: The network administrator wants to verify Layer 2 connectivity.
25: What information about a Cisco router can be verified using the show version command: the value of the configuration register
26: Which statement is true about Cisco IOS ping indicators: ‘U’ may indicate that a router along the path did not contain a route to the destination address and that the ping was unsuccessful.
27: A network engineer is troubleshooting connectivity issues among interconnected Cisco routers and switches. Which command should the engineer use to find the IP address information, host name, and IOS version of neighboring network devices: show cdp neighbors detail
28: file_download PT Activity Open the PT Activity. Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question. Which command has to be configured on the router to complete the SSH configuration: ip domain-name cisco.com
29: On which two interfaces or ports can security be improved by configuring executive timeouts: ['console ports', 'vty ports']
30: When configuring SSH on a router to implement secure network management, a network engineer has issued the login local and transport input ssh line vty commands. What three additional configuration actions have to be performed to complete the SSH configuration: ['Generate the asymmetric RSA keys.', 'Configure the correct IP domain name.', 'Create a valid local username and password database.']
31: A technician is to document the current configurations of all network devices in a college, including those in off-site buildings. Which protocol would be best to use to securely access the network devices: SSH
32: What is considered the most effective way to mitigate a worm attack: Download security updates from the operating system vendor and patch all vulnerable systems.
33: Which statement describes the ping and tracert commands: Tracert shows each hop, while ping shows a destination reply only.
34: An administrator decides to use "pR3s!d7n&0" as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice: It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
35: An administrator is troubleshooting connectivity issues and needs to determine the IP address of a website. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task: nslookup
